Learn what an eSIM is, how to set up an eSIM on your iPhone, and how to transfer a physical SIM to an eSIM. An eSIM is an industry-standard digital SIM that allows you to activate a cellular plan from your carrier without having to use a physical SIM. You can install eight or more eSIMs on an iPhone and use two phone numbers at the same time. eSIM on iPhone is not offered in China mainland. In Hong Kong and Macao, some iPhone models feature eSIM. Learn about using Dual SIM with two nano-SIM cards in China mainland, Hong Kong, and Macao. For travelers visiting China mainland who wish to use an eSIM for prepaid data plans, these are offered by many worldwide service providers. * iPhone 14 models that are eSIM only can activate without a Wi-Fi network.Setting up your eSIM is usually just a matter of turning on your new iPhone and following the onscreen instructions. You can activate your eSIM while you're setting up your iPhone if your carrier supports eSIM Carrier Activation or eSIM Quick Transfer. With eSIM Carrier Activation, your carrier assigns an eSIM to your iPhone when you purchase it. With eSIM Quick Transfer, you transfer the SIM from your previous iPhone to your new iPhone without contacting your carrier. With either method, to activate your eSIM during setup, turn on your iPhone and follow the instructions.You can also use these options later to add or transfer an eSIM. If these options aren't available, contact your carrier to activate your eSIM using a QR code or your carrier's iPhone app.If you purchased an iPhone 14 model in the United States, your iPhone activates with an eSIM. To activate your eSIM using eSIM Carrier Activation, eSIM Quick Transfer, or another activation method, turn on your iPhone and follow the instructions.Some carriers and worldwide service providers can assign a new eSIM to your iPhone, making setup easy. This usually happens when you purchase a carrier-connected iPhone from Apple in the United States or from a carrier and you provide your cellular-plan details. If an eSIM was assigned to your iPhone when you bought it, turn on your iPhone and follow the instructions to activate your eSIM. If you're switching to iPhone (from an Android phone, for example), contact your carrier to transfer your phone number to your iPhone through eSIM Carrier Activation or by scanning a QR code from your carrier.If you contacted your carrier for an eSIM after you set up your iPhone, and they set up eSIM Carrier Activation, follow these steps: Some carriers support SIM transfers from your previous iPhone to your new iPhone without needing to contact them. You can also convert your current physical SIM card to an eSIM. If you don't have access to your current iPhone, contact your carrier to transfer your eSIM.While you're setting up your iPhone, if you're asked to transfer your SIM, follow the onscreen instructions to transfer your physical SIM or eSIM. If you need to transfer more than one SIM to your new iPhone, transfer your additional SIMs following the steps below. You can convert a physical SIM to an eSIM on the same iPhone, if your carrier supports it. Follow these steps: If your carrier doesn’t support eSIM Carrier Activation or eSIM Quick Transfer, you can scan a QR code from your carrier instead.To activate your eSIM while setting up your iPhone:To activate your eSIM after you set up your iPhone, contact your carrier to get a QR code. Then, follow these steps:If you're asked to enter a confirmation code to activate the eSIM, enter the number that your carrier provided.If your carrier supports activating eSIM using an app, download your carrier’s app from the App Store and follow the instructions.